but I want to dedicate to all those who
they understood that this country is not of
those who govern it and those who live there
just a village very far from the village
that we have dreamed but to stop
dreaming of that country does not serve
nobody
in Article 3 declaring all
citizens have equal social dignity and
they are all equal before the law
I feel part of a good Italian message
from this country
perhaps much more than other Italians
songs can be useful and me
I'm glad to hear that every now and then
mine were useful for Beijing
that resistance is the same root
Latin to exist can be said to exist in
all the things I do
I always put so much effort into it and this
it is enough for me
of our life is not even fair that
be judged for what he has done
but I don't overshadow it
that could have done and not done
left before World War II
today there was in Italy the
transformation of the public the public
could house applauds indignant try to
to sleep
the important thing is not to establish whether one has
fear or not and know how to live with
own fear not to be conditioned
from the same it is obviously not the most
courage unconsciousness
fear
now my life takes care of it
Yup